Adds "What's new in Swift" blog post for February 2026. (#1341)
apple/swift-org-website: _posts/2026-02-27-whats-new-in-swift-february-2026.md

## Videos to watch
* Ever wanted to control microcontrollers in Swift? [CoreAVR + ArduinoKit: Swift on the Arduino, the Swift way](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ofoMAFq8ak&list=PLeb93j_rsErO182fdoJ4m1p_suKAOcBnM&index=6) introduces ArduinoKit, which acts as the Arduino standard library for Swift, and CoreAVR, a hardware abstraction layer for AVR microcontrollers written in Swift.
* [Introducing the Swift SDK for Android](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZNIAuQ7s7k&list=PLeb93j_rsErO182fdoJ4m1p_suKAOcBnM&index=8) covered the current state of Swift on Android, how to call Java and Kotlin APIs from Swift, UI strategies, and what's actively being worked on.
* [SwiftCrossUI: Swift apps, everywhere](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EC9qVCYBVyk&list=PLeb93j_rsErO182fdoJ4m1p_suKAOcBnM&index=9) presented a UI solution for Swift applications that run on Android, Linux, and Windows, using native UI components on each platform. The project also recently published a [development update](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgRO7eIHkyE) in video form, covering contributions and recent changes.

> * Interested in writing Swift using agents? At Swift Barcelona, a talk on [Building Agentic Apps with MCP in Swift](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekOzNd1_vo8) demonstrated several open source tools. And if you're an Xcode user, check out a recent [code-along covering coding intelligence in Xcode 26](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U1WM3ALwQX8).

Author: This was addressed in d061ea3.

## Swift Evolution
The Swift project adds new language features through the [Swift Evolution process](https://www.swift.org/swift-evolution/). These are some of the proposals currently under review or recently accepted for a future Swift release.

**Under active review:**
* [SE-0514](https://github.com/swiftlang/swift-evolution/blob/main/proposals/0514-hashable-conformance-for-dictionarykeys-collectionofone-emptycollection.md) Hashable Conformance for Dictionary.Keys, CollectionOfOne and EmptyCollection - Three standard library collection types can't currently be used in sets or as dictionary keys. This proposal adds Hashable conformance to all three, for consistency with the rest of the standard library.
* [SE-0513](https://github.com/swiftlang/swift-evolution/blob/main/proposals/0513-commandline-executablepath.md) API to get the path to the current executable - There's currently no portable, reliable way to get the path to the currently running executable in Swift. This proposal adds CommandLine.executablePath, a new property in the standard library that provides a consistent way to get this value across all platforms Swift supports.

**Recently accepted:**

> * [SE-0506](https://github.com/swiftlang/swift-evolution/blob/main/proposals/0506-advanced-observation-tracking.md) Advanced Observation Tracking - `@Observable` types automatically track when their properties change. However, advanced use cases like developing middleware infrastructure or widgeting systems require more control and features. This proposal adds options to the existing withObservationTracking to control when/which changes are observed, and a continuous variant that re-observes automatically after coalesced events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [SE-0506](https://github.com/swiftlang/swift-evolution/blob/main/proposals/0506-advanced-observation-tracking.md) Advanced Observation Tracking - `@Observable` types automatically track when their properties change. However, advanced use cases like developing middleware infrastructure or widget systems require more control and features. This proposal adds options to the existing withObservationTracking to control when/which changes are observed, and a continuous variant that re-observes automatically after coalesced events.
```

"Widgeting" is an awkward construction - the style guide uses Widget as a noun, so I think "widget systems" works better here.

Author: Thanks, @heckj! "Widgeting systems" is language from the original proposal, and this description already appeared in the January "what's new in Swift" post when it was under review, but I agree with the suggestion! I'll go ahead and commit it.

> * [SE-0502](https://github.com/swiftlang/swift-evolution/blob/main/proposals/0502-exclude-private-from-memberwise-init.md) Exclude private initialized properties from memberwise initializer -  When you define a struct in Swift, an initializer is automatically generated that takes each property as an argument. Currently, adding a private property with a default value to a struct forces that auto-generated initializer to become private, breaking callers outside the type. This proposal fixes that behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [SE-0502](https://github.com/swiftlang/swift-evolution/blob/main/proposals/0502-exclude-private-from-memberwise-init.md) Exclude private initialized properties from memberwise initializer - When you define a struct in Swift, The compiler automatically generates an initializer that takes each property as an argument. Currently, adding a private property with a default value to a struct forces that auto-generated initializer to become private, which breaks callers outside of the type. This proposal fixes that behavior.
```

The double space after the dash read like this might be better as a full sentence break. Rework the passive voice to active.
